=the Palanquin Ship=

map, models, and textures by Deity Link.
concept art by kurkoboltsi.deviantart.com


Brought to you by TouhouHale 2. This map has been designed for the VS Saxton Hale/Freak Fortress 2 game mode.

--INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS--

Extract "Palanquin Ship.vpk" in your "Steam\SteamApps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\" folder.


--AUTOR'S COMMENTS--

Holy carp, I can't believe I'm actually writing this file. I started working on the map back in January and at many points I thought that I'd never see the end of it. Between IRL stuff, dead ends in my mapping logic, lack of sleep, and boreness, it's been quite a challenge to complete this map. But now I can contemplate the work done, and take a well deserved pause. I might as well join servers playing on this map, seriously it's fun as hell seeing the stuff you've coded work as intended. I guess that I spent a good dozen hours looking for bugs (aka procrastinating on the map) while people in the TouhouHale 2 asked me when would they be able to play on it themselves.


Now, about the map itself, let me explain quickly how works the UFO that the boss uses to return on the ship. When the boss is off the ship, a UFO appears over him, and he'll start moving upward and toward the ship. If the boss stays over 30 seconds off the ship, his UFO will run out of fuel and he'll fall to his death (a warning appears after 20 seconds). If the boss returns on the ship, his UFO fuel will be instantly replenished, so don't hesitate to abuse your UFO to move quickly over the ship. The RED mercenaries don't have access to UFOs, so falling from the ship means certain death.
Now, in some cases the boss is able to convert some players to his team (BLU). if that happens, these players will be stuck at the bottom of the map until a blue player jumps off the ship, at which point each BLU player will benefit from UFO-like powers, but they'll lose them as soon as one of them reaches the ship. My mapping skills are only that good. Someone else might have found how to have UFO mechanics work per player. (I'm always open to tips and advices)


Also if you're having framerate issues, disable weather effects in the Advanced Options. It'll remove most particle effects. If you've found the TWW Control Station (Time Weather and World) you'll also be able to switch the skybox with an ocean, which should further reduce framerate issues related to the high number of displayed polygons.


Speaking of the TWW Control Station, it is far from being the only secret hidden within the ship. I'll be counting on you to find them all, right?

---

Special Thanks to the following people/groups in no particular order who helped me one way or another to complete this map:

ZUN, The TouhouHale 2 Steam group (in particular Novian as well as the regular of the chatroom able to tolerate my ego), Kurko Boltsi, R33MIX, Gzero91, LittleShrimp (you were an idiot, but I loved your drawings), MaxOfS2D, Psy (thanks for the rain with collisions, mate!), Jimbomcb.


You can contact me via my Youtube channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Fierce0Deity0Link
or my Steam account: http://steamcommunity.com/id/DeityLink/

have fun!
Deity Link


ps: baby station is the password.